fix gh-1202 add note for fio.open() about closing descriptors automatically (#1288)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/reference_lua/fio.rst

    **Possible errors:** nil.

    Note that ``fio.open()`` returns a descriptor which can be closed manually by

>     calling ``:close()`` method, or it will be closed automatically, when it has

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    calling the ``:close()`` method, or it will be closed automatically when it has
```

    no references, and the garbage collector deletes it.

>     Keep in mind, that the number of file descriptors is limited, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Keep in mind that the number of file descriptors is limited, and
```

>     they can end earlier than garbage collector will be triggered to collect not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    they can become exhausted earlier than the garbage collector will be triggered to collect not
```

>     used descriptors. It is always better to close them manually as soon as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    used descriptors. It is always good practice to close them manually as soon as possible.
```
